[THEME MUSIC]
>> GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm your host, George Noory,
and I'm here with Emery Smith.
Interdimensional
beings-- are they ghosts?
Are they extraterrestrial?
What exactly are they?
Emery Smith, welcome back.
>> EMERY SMITH: Thanks, George.
>> GEORGE: Emery, when we talk
about interdimensional beings,
what are we talking about?
>> SMITH: We're talking about
a race of beings hundreds
of millions of years ahead of
us that have already been able
to master how to
change their form.
They are allowed to switch
their atoms and photons around
to take almost any form
they want and travel
through time and space.
It can go from a light
body to a 3D body.
It can change its
frequency at will
to go to another dimension.
It can phase in, phase
out, bleed in, bleed out
of multiple dimensions.
That makes it an
interdimensional being.
>> GEORGE: At any time?
>> SMITH: At any
time by its own will.
>> GEORGE: Are they physical,
or are they somewhat ghostlike?
>> SMITH: Yeah, that's
a great question.
I get that a lot, because a lot
of these sightings and things--
people are referring
to them as ghosts,
or people report ghosts being
seen when they're really
these interdimensional beings.
The interesting
science behind this
is that when an interdimensional
being enters our dimension,
he falls under the laws of
our three-dimensional reality.
So he has to take
some sort of form.
But don't forget,
light is form, too.
So that can be visualized
by our five senses
here on planet Earth, or
through our solar system
in this universe,
in this dimension.
So as they come through, they
might change from a light being
into a form of their
choice, or they also
could stay in the light form.
So many accounts that you've
heard in history books
and around the planet of these
ghostlike sightings-- now,
some are ghosts.
Which means if you were
to pass away right now,
your photons will still be in
that chair for 30 days or more.
And so this is what
I'm getting at--
the photons of the
genetic makeup of the DNA
is always there.
Even when we leave
our seats right now
and come back tomorrow morning,
we're still going to have--
our resident energy's
still going to be here.
>> GEORGE: How do these
interdimensional beings, Emery,
kind of come
through to get here?
>> SMITH: Right, we hear
about this bleeding through
the dimensions.
And how that is is because they
are allowed to change form--
their frequency;
sound before form.
By changing frequency-- and
everything's a frequency--
our DNA.
Everything around
us is a frequency
of some sort that can be
measured scientifically.
So they can actually
vibrate themselves
and change their frequency
and disappear right here,
and not be seen but still
be here in some form.
It's kind of like an advanced
teletransportation system.
Think of it that way.
>> GEORGE: Are they coming
through a gateway or a portal?
>> SMITH: Nope.
They have mastered
the ability to vibrate
at a frequency for
different dimensions.
So there might be many
dimensions right here right now
around us, and because they
can change their frequency,
they can be in that
dimension right now.
Remember, there's
no time or space.
Everywhere in the present
is right now, right here.
So they're not traveling
over millions of light years
to get here.
We're talking about the
higher dimensional beings
that are able to do
this type of science.
>> GEORGE: There was an
old classic "Twilight Zone"
episode called
"Little Girl Lost,"
and it was about a little girl
who somehow fell out of her bed
into another dimension.
Is that kind of like it is?
>> SMITH: Well, there are areas
around the planet and areas
that can open up where these
energies of the different
dimensions sometimes fall within
the same frequency and they
overlap.
And when that happens,
these little gateways--
these openings to
other dimensions--
form.
Like in the old saying around
Halloween and October--
"The worlds are at
their thinnest."
And it allows these ghostlike
creatures to come through,
and you can visit your family.
And there's a lot
to that being said
with extraterrestrial technology
with these interdimensional
beings.
And it also has to do with
different parts of the planet
have these openings
there all the time.
So things can form.
They can open up a gateway--
especially ET craft--
>> GEORGE: Sure.
>> SMITH:
--interdimensional craft.
And sometimes when they
open up a small area,
well, that could
stay open for a while
when a craft comes through it.
It might stay there.
>> GEORGE: What if it closes?
What if it closes?
>> SMITH: Right,
what if it closes?
>> GEORGE: And you're in there?
>> SMITH: Well, your frequency
probably will stay there.
>> GEORGE: Now, these
interdimensional beings--
are they biological at all?
>> SMITH: Well, of
course, absolutely.
Don't forget-- sound,
light, and form.
But when they come here,
they can take a form
if they choose to, or they
can stay in the light form.
It's up to them how they want
to frequency vibrate here
and how they want
to show whoever
they're communicating with.
Maybe they want to only
communicate through sound,
and you hear tonalities.
The study that we
have that we've
gone through with other
extraterrestrial beings
that it's more of a
tonality, but they're there.
You can't see them,
but you can hear them.
>> GEORGE: A lot
of times, Emery,
we get stories and reports of
these interdimensional beings,
but they always
seem to be alone.
You never seem to hear stories
of them coming in pairs, or 10
of them, or 20.
Why not?
>> SMITH: Well, that's
not my experience.
I mean, a lot of these
interdimensional beings
have traveled through
time and space
and have been able to open
up right in a fabric of time
and space, and
you might just see
a small ping pong ball
of light, and that
could be a whole civilization.
>> GEORGE: Really?
>> SMITH: Because there is no
size when it comes to these
interdimensional beings.
So you have to think about
the physics and science behind
that-- of how to represent
that when we're educating
the public--
that there is no
size to anything
when you're talking about
interdimensional beings
because they are able to
shift their atomic structure
into light.
This has been going
on for millions
of years on planet Earth,
and the way they communicate
is like I was just talking
about earlier about tonalities
and frequencies, and also taking
the manifestation form of maybe
a human being, and then helping
us get more technologies
and giving us ideas of
how to improve ourselves.
>> GEORGE: Are we are
interacting with them with
technology, or is it
more consciousness?
>> SMITH: Well, consciousness is
the basis for all communication
and for all the science
behind interdimensional
and multidimensional creatures.
However, there are
devices that they
are working on to spot these
people and these beings--
>> GEORGE: High technology?
>> SMITH: Very high technology--
such as the neutrino
light detectors
and the satellites that pick
up subtle changes in light.
These things allow us
to see these beings
and see their craft
when they're cloaked.
>> GEORGE: Almost like
night vision goggles?
>> SMITH: A lot
better than that,
but that's also
reverse-engineered from
extraterrestrial capture.
>> GEORGE: Exactly.
Are interdimensional
beings different
from extraterrestrials?
>> SMITH: Interdimensional
beings are extraterrestrials,
kind of like we are
extraterrestrials
in our genetics.
So the answer to
that is they are
one of the most advanced
extraterrestrials
in our dimension
here in our society.
>> GEORGE: How evolved are they?
>> SMITH: They're
the most evolved.
They can change from--
>> GEORGE: They're at
the top of the pole, huh?
>> SMITH: --physical to light.
They can travel anywhere,
any time, and any place.
So they're very mature, and
they're very conscious beings.
People who see angels
and things like this,
I really believe these are
the interdimensional beings.
We've all been
programmed since day one.
Many of us growing up
in religious families
and reading the
Bible and reading
stories about fairies and angels
and trolls and these things.
So the best way for us to
comprehend this is to--
when you don't believe
in another race
or extraterrestrial, well, when
you see something like that,
you're going to put it
into your own words,
and your mind's going to
come up with its own vision
and its own answer to that.
So I think a lot of
this is how else am I
going to explain this
beautiful light being
that's in front of me?
Well, of course, it's an angel.
That's what I
learned growing up.
If we don't exist, I don't
think they're going to exist.
A lot of the genetics that
we have tested on many beings
have a direct relation
to our own human DNA.
Now, why are beings
10,000, 100,000 years more
advanced than us
have our DNA in them?
Even though they have mutated
over millions of years,
it's kind of like a hodgepodge,
George, of planet Earth.
Look at all the races we
have, and all the continents.
>> GEORGE: And the species of
animals, and everything else.
>> SMITH: Yeah, and the species
and all of us interacting
as humans and flourishing around
the Earth and having different
types of races intermingle.
Well, think of that
on a universal scale.
Think of--
>> GEORGE: Oh, that could be
just tremendous if you could
harness it.
>> SMITH: And then animal
species and the mammal species
and the human species
intermingling,
and then we go amongst the
stars in the next 1,000 years
and intermingle with
other human-like beings.
>> GEORGE: In the programs you
have been in, have there ever
been any ways where they've
communicated with these
interdimensional beings
that you know of?
>> SMITH: Well, I've worked
with some extraterrestrials that
might have been
interdimensional,
but they had a form.
And a lot of these beings
were just communicating
the way I communicate with
you, but telepathically.
And telepathy is a
type of communication.
It's a type of a
language that you
have to learn when you're
working in these projects
with these beings, because
telepathy is based off
a lot of your frequency and
emotional state as a human
being.
So if I'm really upset and I
walk into an operating room
and I am assisting a physician
and an extraterrestrial
and I had a really bad
day and I just say,
"Hello," it's more
like, (GRUFFLY) "Hello."
They pick up on the emotion.
So you have to really
clear your mind
and clear your spirit before
entering into these projects
when you're going to
start your day to work,
because they pick
up on all the stuff.
And they are kind
of are in your mind,
because they have the ability
to know everything you already
know.
So there's no secrets
with these beings.
>> GEORGE: Some people have
said that these beings are not
benevolent.
What do you think about that?
>> SMITH: It's a possibility.
I only know one really
evil race of beings,
and that's the human race
here on the planet Earth,
because we kill each other.
But I have not been subjected
to an evil race of beings
yet that I have worked with
or I've seen or intermingled.
Not to say that there
aren't, because if we are,
then there's got to be more--
>> GEORGE: Yeah,
some have to be evil.
>> SMITH: --more of us, yeah.
There's always got to be some
evil intention out there.
But I do believe in a type
of galactic federation
that does not allow
beings that are
going to do bad things
to go amongst the stars.
We've been quarantined
to our planet
until we get a little
bit more conscious
and take care of the
planet and each other.
And then I think
we'll be able to go
amongst the stars in
a conscious effort
to work with other
extraterrestrials
and other societies.
>> GEORGE: They're told not to
come here and annihilate us?
>> SMITH: Yeah.
I think what's going on is
they, too, George, were once us,
and they had to go
through this, too.
They had to become
more conscious
and take care of the planet
and take care of each other.
As a parent, you would
look on your children,
and yeah, you're going to say
you did bad, but at same time,
you were there once
too, so you know
there is this learning
and this maturity
that you have to go through
before you get there.
Now, I think we were
already supposed
to be there 100 years ago, but
because we have this control
factor--
there's many planets out
there that started around
the same time we did, and
they're a lot more advanced
than we are because
they didn't have
this control factor of these
corporations and people trying
to--
>> GEORGE: Too much greed here.
>> SMITH: Yes, too much greed
got in control of this planet.
And we're working through that.
And what we do here affects
planets all over the place.
So getting back to
your question is
they want us to evolve in
a safe and effective way,
but they also don't want
us to blow up the planet
or destroy each other.
>> GEORGE: Why would these
interdimensional beings come
here in the first place?
>> SMITH: They come here
because the planet is so diverse
and dynamic, unlike
other planets,
with the water and the
air and all the species--
down to the bacteria and the
phytoplankton and the oceans.
So they come here to see this.
You have to understand, the
Earth has been visited forever
and ever and ever.
>> GEORGE: Of course.
>> SMITH: Many times.
>> SMITH: So we have
a history, Earth,
that we have to uphold to.
Which, we've been here
millions of years,
and so the visitations
are still coming,
they're just coming
from a little bit
further away, because it's not
so safe to come here anymore
because we'll blow
them out of the sky.
And they know this is
happening, but they're hoping
things are going to change.
>> GEORGE: Interdimensional
beings and plasma beings--
are they the same thing?
>> SMITH: Well, plasma--
this is another form, like
air and water and gas.
Plasma is this fourth state.
And it can form into that.
It can be part of these beings--
a plasma state.
But to say that the
being is all plasma--
no.
>> GEORGE: That's not the case.
>> SMITH: No.
>> GEORGE: How do they
interact with each other?
Do they?
>> SMITH: Yes.
>> GEORGE: Do they have emotion?
>> SMITH: Yes, absolutely.
They have emotion.
They're very comical.
And just like I'm
speaking to you,
they just do it through
frequencies and tonalities
and telepathy.
So a lot of the beings that
you might see in pop culture--
they have really small
feet, and they only
have a really small mouth.
Some of these beings-- they
don't need a digestive system,
because they can form the
nutrients just from thin air.
>> GEORGE: Do they procreate?
>> SMITH: Yes.
Not only do you have
little entities,
these beings also have pets.
They have many
different species,
like we do here
on the Earth, that
are used for companionship.
>> GEORGE: Do they have emotion?
>> SMITH: Yes, they do.
These beings-- when
you get around someone
that's really loving and fun
and bubbly, it rubs off on you.
When you--
>> GEORGE: Oh, you can feel it.
>> SMITH: Go out
with your friends.
>> GEORGE: It's infectious.
>> SMITH: It's very infectious.
They have the ability to make
you feel like that instantly--
instantaneously--
if they wanted to.
>> GEORGE: Do they ever come
through to this dimension where
we are, and they look like
us, and you would not know
the difference?
>> SMITH: They're walking
around the planet right now,
and you would not
know the difference.
I get this question where
people are like, well,
what's the little
quirks they have
that you could figure this out?
>> GEORGE: Yeah, do they
have elongated heads,
or anything like that?
>> SMITH: And some of
them, I have to admit,
maybe their ears are just
a little bit different,
or maybe it's just something
different that you notice that
you don't usually see
on normal human beings.
>> GEORGE: Eyes different?
A little twinkle in the eye?
>> SMITH: Eyes might be
a little bit different--
little bit bigger,
little bit further away,
little things like that.
But it's really
impossible just to--
unless you've been
in these projects
and have really studied the
morphology of these beings--
to really know if-- if they
were sitting right next to you,
you wouldn't know.
Or walking through New York
streets, you wouldn't know.
But working around
them, you might
catch on a little bit on
physical characteristics
and quirks like
that, but you would
have to be around them for a
while to pick that up, I think.
>> GEORGE: Are governments
and secret programs,
corporations working with
them for any specific reason?
>> SMITH: Well, I know
they're working with them
in the projects to assist with
technologies and engineering
and geological things
that they need help with.
Some have been captured and
have decided to stay with us.
That being said, I think
it's a positive thing
to show a species from another
planet coming here to help just
work with us by volunteering.
>> GEORGE: Now, when I hear the
word interdimensional, Emery,
I think of something multiverse.
Is that conceivable?
Is that what we're
talking about?
>> SMITH: Right.
Yeah, multi-dimensional
just means
there's different dimensions,
and interdimensional
is the actual going from
one place to another.
>> GEORGE: To another.
>> SMITH: And the multiverses
that you hear about on TV
and science is that.
It's the different
dimensions that
are overlying each other
right here, right now.
And the only way to get there
is by changing your frequency.
>> GEORGE: And the gateways,
again, fascinate me--
these portals that
may be out there.
>> SMITH: The military builds
bases on different ley lines
around the planet, and they use
these areas because the energy
signatures have been shown that
these are gateways to other
places in the universe.
>> GEORGE: Places that we want
to go, or places that we don't?
>> SMITH: Well, that's
not for me to say.
All's I know is there's
these portals that
are around the planet-- and in
the oceans-- that are protected
that they're testing,
and they are using these,
and craft are coming
in and out of these.
Not to say there are
craft, by the way.
But they are monitoring
these, and they're
trying to reverse-engineer
these and duplicate these.
And there's lots of--
in the classified projects,
lots of videos, documentation,
and pictures and briefings on
how these devices work, but it
has to do with the
energy of the planet
is how they are operational.
And also, there's some way
to turn them on and off.
Now, there are ancient
structures here
on the planet that are
just always ongoing.
What's not to say that
we haven't explored--
definitely the oceans
that much here--
that there's other
areas that are maybe
always on and active
that maybe a craft flying
over the Bermuda Triangle
all of a sudden disappears?
It's like--
>> GEORGE: Who knows?
>> SMITH: --what's
going on, here?
So there could be these
rifts in time and space
that, during certain
astrological times
of the universe, that
these things open up
and things go missing.
>> GEORGE: And close.
>> SMITH: Right, and close.
>> GEORGE: And Close.
Now, let's tie this back
into secret programs.
Somewhere along
the line, I think,
governments are
aware of the ability
to travel in space through
portals or time warps.
They know about these
entities-- these beings.
Something else is going
on here, don't you think?
>> SMITH: I think it's limited
to a very few governmental
agencies, militaries, or even
presidents of many countries.
I don't think it's a
widely known thing.
I know, just like we have our
compartmentalized projects,
military doesn't know
what they're doing,
but they might be investigating
something themselves
on a lower--
>> GEORGE: Sure.
>> SMITH: The military is
usually the security for all
these compartmentalized
programs.
When people are
like, oh, Smith was
claiming he worked at Sandia
Labs and Los Alamos Labs--
no, they didn't write my check.
I was working underground
in that facility
where each floor is rented out
by a different corporation.
>> GEORGE: Gosh.
>> SMITH: So I mean--
>> GEORGE: How long
were you down there?
>> SMITH: I was in the
military for seven years,
and I was only in the
projects for about four.
>> GEORGE: Did you stay
down there almost 24/7, or--
>> SMITH: Oh, no.
It was a 9:00 to 5:00 job
that I would report to.
>> GEORGE: Oh, so you could
come up to the surface and--
>> SMITH: Yes, yes.
There was only a
few times that I
got locked down there because
they had incidents and things
were going south for
whatever security reasons,
and you might have to spend
the night there a couple nights
until it gets cleared up.
>> GEORGE: If interdimensional
beings are coming here,
are we going there?
>> SMITH: Like I said, because
the portal technology that I
was exposed to and
the time travel stuff,
we're definitely
traveling somewhere.
I don't know where exactly.
>> GEORGE: You haven't gone.
>> SMITH: Yeah.
I don't know where we're going.
Well, I've been through
portals and time travel--
>> GEORGE: But not
other dimensions.
>> SMITH: But not other
dimensions that I'm aware of.
>> GEORGE: Now, what
do you mean by that?
>> SMITH: Well, sometimes
you might go somewhere--
even just going to work on
some of these maglev devices
that you hear about
in pop culture--
sometimes things
happen and you end up
in a place that doesn't
look so natural compared
to like it would on Earth.
>> GEORGE: Will we ever get
help from these interdimensional
beings?
>> SMITH: Yes, I
really believe that.
I believe that if more than
half of the Earth's population's
going to be compromised--
which, one nuclear
warhead, it would be--
>> GEORGE: Absolutely.
>> SMITH: If a major
destruction of the planet
because of earthquakes or other
things were going to happen
where, like I said, more than
a third of the Earth would be
destroyed, I do believe they
would definitely intervene--
which they have done on and
off in times where volcanoes
and earthquakes were going off.
People would always
see these ships
coming in out of
the volcanoes when
it's happening, because
they're trying to neutralize
the cataclysmic event.
So I think they would
definitely intervene
if something like
that was to happen,
and we would definitely get
our hands slapped for that.
>> GEORGE: What would you say to
somebody who would say to you,
Emery, I woke up last night, and
in my room was this being that
just appeared and disappeared.
What would you tell them?
>> SMITH: Welcome to my world.
I would ask them--
I mean, if they had--
this has happened to me,
where friends and family
and colleagues have
called me and don't
want to talk about it.
Especially for a first-time
person to see something like
this--
you think you're ready
for it, and a lot
of our CE-5 expeditions,
we bring a lot
of, sometimes, media with us.
And it's funny, because you
think you're ready for it,
but when you actually see it, it
doesn't fit into your reality.
But it's there, and you know
it's there, and you feel it.
I would tell that person,
well, what happened?
Did it try to communicate?
Did you try to communicate?
What was the events that
happened the night before?
Were you meditating, or did
you have a close encounter
of the fifth kind?
What's been going on?
So I'd be more interviewing
them and trying
to find out why this being chose
this person to expose itself
to, because there's a
lot of risk for an ET
to expose itself.
>> GEORGE: What is the fifth
kind that you mentioned?
>> SMITH: A close encounter
of the fifth kind is when you
reach out and try to communicate
with extraterrestrials.
The government doesn't want
you to do this, because--
there's actually
an FBI file on me,
unfortunately, because I'm
contacting extraterrestrials
and talking to them.
And it's so sad, because
what gives anyone the right?
And I figured it out.
It's a backup plan for the
United States government
to fake an alien invasion--
an extraterrestrial invasion--
>> GEORGE: Which is
Project Blue Beam?
>> SMITH: Well, I don't know
what the pop culture terms are
for this.
I just know for a fact, 100%,
because my FBI people told
me this, my CIA
people told me this
to warn me-- that they're making
a file of people like you,
and when this
happens, you're going
to be incarcerated, because the
story is you brought them here.
And this is going to
be a fake invasion.
You've probably heard this
conspiracy theory before.
But it's sad to know
that after all I've done,
my name is actually on there--
on an FBI file--
saying we got to watch
this guy, make sure
he's not talking too much with
them, but also documenting it.
So if they want to pull
that card, they can.
And no one was
even going to know.
All the people that are involved
with these types of things are
aware of this, that do CE-5's.
But it's a sad thing to
know that I'm a backup plan,
I'm a terrorist.
They label me as a
terrorist because I'm--
>> GEORGE: They
treat you as such.
>> SMITH: Well,
nothing's happened yet,
but the fact that there's
a big file on this--
it is worrisome.
But it's ridiculous.
It's another one of these let's
have the support of the nation
to fight this terrorist here who
brought these evil aliens here
to destroy us.
>> GEORGE: You've been
through a lot of stuff.
>> SMITH: Yes.
>> GEORGE: If you were to
write an autobiography about
your life, how would
that last chapter end?
>> SMITH: I would finish the
book by giving my own opinion
of what the future's
going to look like for us.
Our lives are getting easier.
We're living longer.
Very positive things are
happening on the planet.
>> GEORGE: You're really upbeat.
>> SMITH: I love it!
I'm so thankful to
be here at this time
and make a difference,
because I just see the future,
and it's so grandiose,
if we could just
get our act together.
And I believe the cities
are going to improve,
the pollution's
going to go away.
We're going to be able
to clean up this place,
and it's just going to be the
most magnificent place in all
the universe.
>> GEORGE: Emery, thanks for
being on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> SMITH: Thanks, George.
>> GEORGE: This is "Cosmic
Disclosure" with Emery Smith.
Thanks for watching.
>> NARRATOR: Coming this
season on "Cosmic Disclosure."
Where people share their
clandestine involvement
with government agencies, the
military, and secret space
programs.
>> SMITH: They will get bodies,
and they will test the proteins
of the DNA, and they will try
to find cures and things from
other-worldly beings.
>> GEORGE: Really?
>> JASON RICE: They would
provide 24,000 soldiers
to the Mars Germans who had an
agreement with the Draco to get
out of their moon base lease.
>> SMITH: There are a lot of
busted-up ET craft up there,
because we blew them up.
>> COREY GOODE: There were
Vatican representatives
and scientists that would be
on the ship from time to time.
>> SMITH: See?
I knew it.
[THEME MUSIC]